Oct 2535 bluetooth connection handling module (#11468)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/doc/firmware_architecture.rst

   Device Firmware Update (DFU) can only be enabled when :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_building_script`.
   See :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_configuration_configure_fota` for details.

Communications between modules
==============================

> Communication between modules is primarily done through Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:zbus` to make sure that there are no dependencies between them. Each of the buses used by the application has their message structures described in :file:`nrf5340_audio_common.h`.

Author: There should really be no dependencies though, at least between the modules containing the producer and the consumer

> Communication between modules is primarily done through Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:zbus` to make sure that there are no dependencies between them. Each of the buses used by the application has their message structures described in :file:`nrf5340_audio_common.h`.

Reviewer: This has not been altered.

> Communication between modules is primarily done through Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:zbus` to make sure that there are no dependencies between them. Each of the buses used by the application has their message structures described in :file:`nrf5340_audio_common.h`.

Author: Done

> Inter module communications
> ===========================
> 
> Communication between modules is primarily done through :ref:`zephyr:zbus` to make sure there are no dependencies between them. Each of the buses used will have their message structs described in :file:`nrf5340_audio_common.h`.
> 
> * The current buses used are:
> 
>   * le_audio_chan (Le Audio events from :file:`le_audio_cis_headset.c`, :file:`le_audio_bis_headset.c`, :file:`le_audio_cis_gateway.c`, or :file:`le_audio_bis_gateway.c`)
>   * button_chan (Button events from :file:`button_handler.c`)
>   * bt_mgmt_chan (ACL events from :file:`bt_mmgmt.c`)
>   * volume_chan (Volume events from :file:`bt_rend.c`)
>   * con_media_chan (Media events from :file:`content_ctrl.c`)
> 
> The consumer for each of these buses are for the most part in :file:`streamctrl.c` except for volume_chan where the consumer is directly in :file:`hw_codec.c`. The linking of producers and consumers are done in :file:`main.c` and will potentially be different between different applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Communications between modules
=======================

Communication between modules is primarily done through Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:zbus` to make sure that there are no dependencies between them. Each of the buses used by the application has their message structures described in :file:`nrf5340_audio_common.h`.

The application uses the following buses:

  * ``le_audio_chan`` - For handling LE Audio events from :file:`le_audio_cis_headset.c`, :file:`le_audio_bis_headset.c`, :file:`le_audio_cis_gateway.c`, or :file:`le_audio_bis_gateway.c`.
  * ``button_chan`` - For handling button events from :file:`button_handler.c`.
  * ``bt_mgmt_chan`` - For handling ACL events from :file:`bt_mmgmt.c`.
  * ``volume_chan`` - For handling volume events from :file:`bt_rend.c`.
  * ``con_media_chan`` - For handling media events from :file:`content_ctrl.c`.

The consumer functions for each of these buses are residing for the most part in :file:`streamctrl.c`. ``volume_chan`` is an exception, with its consumer residing directly in :file:`hw_codec.c`. The linking of producers and consumers is done in :file:`main.c`.
```
Are these buses structs or macros? What are producers and consumers in this context? I wouldn't mention many applications if we have only one.

Author: I see that you reduced the number of ==, but shouldn't it match the sentence above in length? That's at least how the others in this file are. 

We do not have many applications now, but we will. It was also to explain that it is up to the end-user to decide what producers and consumers are connected.

> The consumer functions for each of these buses are residing, for the most part, in :file:`streamctrl.c`. ``volume_chan`` is an exception, with its consumer residing directly in :file:`hw_codec.c`. The linking of producers and consumers is done in :file:`main.c` and will potentially be different between different user applications..

Author: What? We have to document our current application how it is now. This will also help people find where it is being used and then get suggestions for how it can be altered if need be
